Name: Vu Cu
UID: 504669405

Lab4-B-1:
Basically the output is the client send the heart
rate of a patient to a server. The server send back
the heart rate of that patient, thus confirming
the message integrity.
However, the message is unencrypted, sending as plaintext.
so anyone can view the message transfer across 
the network, not confidental.
There is no authentication, we're not really sure if the 
message is really from the server, and the server is not
sure that the message it receive is from us.
So a man in a middle attack can change
the contents of the client to the server, and vice
versa. For example, the hacker can change the heart 
rate of the first input from 72.72 to 80. The server
receives 80, then echo back 80. But then the hacker
changes the value back to 72.72, so the client don't
know the server receives wrong information.

Lab4-B-2:
The output is the bytes we send to the server. The bytes
are the messages in cleartext.
It is important because it shows that without encryption,
anyone can see our messages sending to the server, not 
confidental

Lab4-B-3:
We can remotely send a new rate to the server.

Lab4-B-4:
An attack to change the rate to a out-of-range value.
Since there is no authentication, the hacker can pretend
to be the client (from the client's IP), and thus send
fraudulent messages to the server.
The server, only identify client based on IP in the message
, not the actual IP, it cannot distinguish the hacker from
the client.

Lab4-D-1:
Now it is more secured, since there is encryption, so we 
can assure the confidentality of the message.
Also, the server is certificated, so we can be sure this
is an authentic server.
Also, the messages returned from the server match the
messages sent to the server by the client. That means
the message has not been tampered with, so we can ensure
its integrity.

Lab4-D-2:
The output is the bytes we send to the server. The bytes
are garbage values.
It is important because it shows that with strong
encryption, anyone seeing the message can only the 
encrypted text, not the actual message, thus ensure the 
confidentality of the message.

Lab4-D-3:
After we change the rate, messages returned from the 
server doesn't match the messages sent to the server by 
the client.
This unexpected behavior could result from multiple forms 
of system error or system compromise.

Lab4-D-4:
The client doesn't change. Attack is ineffective, even though
the out-of-range rate is sent to the server.
The reason is that the hacker send the message to the server 
in plaintext, thus it's clear for the server that the hacker
don't have the key, and cannot encrypt the message.

Lab4-E-1:
The messages returned from the server match the messages sent 
to the server by the client.
After we change the rate, there is duplicate messages  
from the server (that's why in part Lab4-D-3, it appears 
that the server is one step behind the client).
The reason is that, the server encounter some error, and 
it has to send the message again after a short delay.
By using dual thread, the read buffer is always ready after
the write, so that we always print out up-to-date value.
