Name: Vu Cu
ID: 504669405

QUESTION 2A.1A: To make it fail, it has to be like this:
"long long sum = *pointer + value;" > context switch
> another thread update the pointer > context switch
> *pointer = sum;
Since context switch rarely occur mid-function, it will
take a very large amount of threads and operations for
this to happen. 

QUESTION 2A.1B: Context switch timer can be large enough 
to run through every iteration without a switch, so we 
need large amount of iterations, so that a thread will
use up it time slice, hopefully in mid-function as describe
above so failure will happen.

QUESTION 2A.2A: The average cost per operation drop with 
increasing iterations because of amortization. That is,
the time of thread creation/destruction is fixed, so the 
time of thread creation/destruction per iteration will 
reduce as the number of iteration increases.

QUESTION 2A.2B: Either using a very very large number of
iterations so that the fixed cost is trivial, or using 
clock inside the add function.

QUESTION 2A.2C: Because each operation will yield the CPU,
so the number of context switches is much larger. Context
switch is a very expensive operation, so the majority of
extra time goes there.

QUESTION 2A.2D: No. Because after yielding, the scheduler 
might pick another process to run. We don't know whether 
it happens or not, and if it happens, how long. So the 
timings is not valid.

QUESTION 2A.3A: In low number of threads, switching rarely
happens, so they perform similarly.

QUESTION 2A.3B: Because the protected operation is small,
the CPU will spend most of it's time switching and not 
much actually working on the problem (thrashing).

QUESTION 2A.3C: Imagine the case where the thread holding 
the lock is pre-empted within a critical section. The 
scheduler might then run every other thread (imagine 
there are N − 1 others), each of which tries to acquire
the lock. In this case, each of those threads will spin 
for the duration of a time slice before giving up the CPU.

Limitations: Big number of threads causes segmentation error.
